Cheery Friday greetings to our Learning How to Learners!

Book of the Week

We’re big fans of Steven Johnson, and we’re already engrossed in his brand new book—Wonderland: How Play Made the Modern World. We couldn’t agree more with Johnson’s observation that you’ll find the future wherever people are having the most fun. Some of our previous favorite Steven Johnson books include Where Good Ideas Come From: The Natural History of Innovation, and The Ghost Map: The Story of London's Most Terrifying Epidemic--and How It Changed Science, Cities, and the Modern World. Johnson’s polymath views of history and society make him an author well worth following.

Free textbooks—and a browser-reader for the visually impaired

We’d like to bring to your attention a great source for peer-reviewed open textbooks, which are available in both printed and digital formats, from OpenStax College. There are all sorts of books, ranging from chemistry to physics to algebra and calculus. You can download these books and read them in a browser. There some terrific advantages to reading in a browser. For example, if a student of yours has dyslexia or has other visual impairments that might make reading difficult, he or she can easily study the pages using an extension called “Speak it!” [Hat tip, Learning How to Learn Italian Lead Cristian Artoni.]

Class Central Career Guides

Class Central's new career guides are getting a lot of attention—if these subjects are of interest, check ‘em out!

The Best Intro to Programming Courses

The Best Statistics & Probability Courses

Exercise and Memory

Here’s a nice reminder article about how exercise some four hours after learning appears to improve memory related to that learning. Learning How to Learner Mark Wideberg started a discussion forum thread in that regard. [Hat tip, Senior Mentor Linda Walker.]

That’s all for this week. Have a happy week in Learning How to Learn!

Barb, Terry, and the entire Learning How to Learn team

Follow LHTL on Facebook | Join the private LHTL Hall of Fame group | Follow LHTL on Twitter